# Environment Setup

## Project Environment

For this project, in a temporary **Google Cloud Platform (GCP)** account. This environment allows you to build and run AI agents without using your personal credits or cloud infrastructure.

### Environment Specifications

- Cloud Provider: Google Cloud Platform (GCP)
- Core Service: **Vertex AI**
- Authentication Method: Service Account
- You will create a dedicated Service Account with the `Vertex AI User` role and authenticating via a JSON key file.

To keep the focus on agent architecture rather than DevOps, you are **not** deploying a persistent server. You will run the code locally or in the provided Udacity workspace on the following pages, and the Python script will make direct API calls to the Vertex AI models running in GCP.

## Local Machine Instructions

If you are working locally or using your own personal Google account, you do not need to set up a Service Account, you can instead usel the `gcloud` CLI if you'd like.

If you _prefer_ to use the full Vertex AI Client with your own personal GCP project (not the API key), you absolutely can. You will just need to substitute your own `PROJECT_ID` and ensure you have enabled the "Vertex AI API" in your personal console.

## Workspace Instructions

On the following pages, you'll find a VS Code workspace you can use to access the starter code and work on your project. Git is enabled in the workspace, so feel free to commit your project to a personal repository via the workspace.
